---
layout: post
title:      "Fallowing Passions!"
date:       2019-10-30 17:51:38 -0400
permalink:  fallowing_passions
---

   At some point in our lives, we have all thought about finding a lifetime job we love or pursuing a passion that we has been alive since we were young. This is exactly what I have decided to do. I have a family; a wife, a toddler and a baby. When I first started building my family, and my children were born, I began to think about what type of example I wanted to set for them. I wanted to be in a job that they would be proud of, and a job I could also enjoy. That is a hard balancing act to find, and I knew that I was not finding that on the job path I currently had set for me. I found myself often exploring the questions of "What am I passionate about? and, How could I turn something I love into a career?”.

	I started hearing about programming at my current job in the technology industry. I dabbled with it a bit and took a separate intro course to learn some basics of coding. I would learn while I was on my breaks, and at home in my spare time. As much as I felt drawn to learn how to program, unfortunately I felt like this was something I wouldn’t be smart enough for. I felt that programming would go way above my head and I would have the hardest time with it if I were to take it to the next level. On the other side though, I really enjoyed it, and this gave me the desire to force myself to keep trying, even if it would get tough. I wanted to pursue this, but I knew it would be challenging. It was a tough choice to make, but I wanted to do it for me and my family. If it wasn't for my wife’s encouragement and believing in me, programming would probably just be another hobby and not something I would have ever considered pursuing as a career. 

	After a few months of learning some basics, I remember coming home from work, showing my wife and being excited about what I learned and sharing it with her. After showing her a basic trick I learned, She responded to me with “Eric, I know you love to learn new things and share them but this is way above my head and I don't understand how you do it, but it’s really cool and I'm happy for you that you're learning this!” We both just laughed together and she told me that she sees how excited I get about programming and I should think about looking into going to school for that. That same evening I started researching schools that I could enroll in. I specifically was looking for a school with an option for work and home life balance. While researching, I came across the option for bootcamps, which then led me to all I was looking for, in  Flatiron.

	To this point beginning a new chapter in my life here at Flatiron has been the best decision I have made for me and my family. Since I fully opened the door to programming, I can see that passion and joy alive in me again, and I can't wait to one day take my knowledge out into the world to find my career.
